Update YOLACT integration docs (#976)
neuralmagic/sparseml: integrations/dbolya-yolact/recipes/yolact.pruned.md

## Training

To set up the training environment, follow the instructions on the [integration README](../README.md).
The following command can be used to launch this recipe. 
Adjust the script command for your GPU device setup. 

YOLACT supports DataParallel. Currently, this repo only supports YOLACT models with a Darknet-53 backbone.

*script command:*

```
sparseml.yolact.train \
--recipe=../recipes/yolact.pruned.md \
--resume=zoo:cv/segmentation/yolact-darknet53/pytorch/dbolya/coco/base-none \
--train_info ./data/coco/annotations/instances_train2017.json \
--validation_info ./data/coco/annotations/instances_val2017.json \
--train_images ./data/coco/images \

> --validation_images ./datas/coco/images

Author: ```suggestion
--validation_images ./data/coco/images
```

## Training

To set up the training environment, follow the instructions on the [integration README](../README.md).
The following command can be used to launch this recipe. 
Adjust the script command for your GPU device setup. 

> YOLACT supports DataParallel. Currently, this repo only supports YOLACT models with a DarkNet53 backbone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YOLACT supports DataParallel. Currently, this repo only supports YOLACT models with a Darknet-53 backbone.
```
